1- study model specificity
    * " unconstrained estimation results in simpler asymptotic distributions and has greater
        power in detecting structural misspecification related to negative error variance 
        estimates" - Testing Negative Error Variances, Bollen, Kolenikov

1.2-  check inversibilité de R+ZDZ' -- OK

1.3- tester time-indep error avec des données réelles -- OK (no warning)

2- revisit lavaan source code : how does it model the likelihood? Why does it happen to
   have negative variance? I THINK that lavaan may use directly the sample variance instead
   of directly using the y_i as I do (they may use the FIML presented in Preacher and in
   the paper "Testing if Negative [...]" from Bollen and Kolenikov -- CONFIRMED)

3- Next steps:
    - implement FIML estimator 
      - no groups -- OK; same results as lavaan (TODO -> add the 'if f < 0 return 0' as in lavaan and re-test)
      - with groups -- DOING...
      - If have explicit formulas for jacobian wrt FIML, use it!

4-  implement mult. start vals (either to "search the global max" or to state that the model is not
    identified if there exist non-global maxima - "Marc Lavielle, Leon Aarons. What do we mean by
    identifiability in mixed effects models?. 2016.hal-01251986")

5- Add statistics (chi2, z-value, etc)

6- Add a 'identifiability check' using the lemmas in Wei Wang 'Identifiability of Linear Mixed
   Effects Models' or simply chose the R structure that will always garantee identifiability.
   Do not forget to remove the initial solver where R could be no matter what pos. def. matrix

7- Implement method to approximate Fisher Information Matrix
   "Marc Lavielle, Leon Aarons. What do we mean by identifiability in mixed effects models?")

8- Try to implement the profile likelihood technique
   (useful to check structural and practical identifiability, cf. Raue et al)

9- If there is time, re-visit the heywood cases using the three techniques above
   - Information matrix is an heuristics for structural identifiability 
   - Profile likelihood is an heuristics for structural and practical identifiability 
   - Likelihood Ratio Test (Chi2-difference) is an heuristics for model misspecification   

10- new datasets, more tests

11- fix header comments and git push